Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Tonight, we uncover
a heavy stream of reports
of a disease outbreak
more deadly than cancer.
Common symptoms include
large blisters on the skin
from sun exposure.
[speaking in foreign language]
News reports confirm
the recent discovery
that blood donation facilities
have knowingly
been distributing blood
to these so-called vampires
around the world.
...only now discovered
the aggressiveness
of this new mutated disease.
Doctors are baffled
at the sheer number of people
affected by this disease
and how it's been hidden
for so long, up until now.
This is a result
of deficiencies
of active enzymes
in the liver and skin.
It was first discovered
by King George III of England
in 1811, when he was diagnosed
with this disease.
After several rumored attacks,
a person claiming to be
one of the vampire
sectional leaders
has come forward
to make an official statement
and address
the public's concerns.
This is simply
a disease that we are
that we are suffering from.
We are, uh, we are not monsters.
We are simply people
trying to survive.
[male #1] What about the
news reports of vampires using
blood-donation facilities?
Well, I'd like
to make a point about that.
The-the-the people
who have donated blood
have done so
on a voluntary basis.
No one was forced to give blood
at these
participating facilities.
[male #1] Is there anything else
you'd like to tell our audience?
Uh...
W- we have feelings
just like anybody else.
We, uh...
We just want
to co-exist in peace.
We don't wanna hurt anyone
in any way, shape or form.
And we sincerely hope that
people feel that way about us.
- It's, this is on.
- ...get this gig.
- Sure you wanna...
- Yeah. Okay.
Hi. Uh, I-I'm Benny. This is...
This is my first time
out in the field.
I thought it'd be great
to document my experience
because I'm gonna be joining
that team in there.
That's Mike.
That dude's a legend.
He's one of the biggest names
as far as documentarians go.
He actually uncovered
the evidence that linked
the blood donation facilities
to all the vampires.
I swear to God, there is
something seriously wrong.
- Oh, yeah.
- I'm not kidding.
[Benny] There's Carrie.
She's pretty hot, isn't she?
She's been Mike's
right-hand man, uh, woman
since the beginning.
Not everyone can be
as slop as you.
Oh, and that's Aaron.
He's my sister's husband.
He sort of runs the station.
Think he's about to announce
that I'm gonna be joining
the team.
Okay. So...
We just got the go ahead
to film
that supposed vampire family.
Alright! I knew it.
I'm sure
they're just a bunch of nuts
but it'll be good
for the ratings.
I figured they were
gonna give it to us
when we broke the story.
Now, we gotta go over
a few things.
- Okay.
- One...
They only want three people
in the house.
Hold on a second, Aaron,
you know we have a crew
of ten, uh, seven, minimum
to be able to do the job.
You're gonna have three
this time. That's all they want.
That's the way they want it,
that's the way it's gonna be.
Fine. Uh, do you want
to give Evan a call?
I mean,
he's good at multitasking.
Probably call Don.
He's probably available.
- He just finished...
- Uh...
- You're taking Benny.
- Benny?
As-as in your-your
brother-in-law?
As in my brother-in-law.
Uh, Aaron, he doesn't have
the proper experience
to be on this crew.
He'll be fine.
I'm sick and tired
of my wife breaking
my balls I don't give this kid
enough to do.
I'm sure you can appreciate
the importance of me being...
He'll be fine.
Benny, get in here!
And turn
that goddamn camera off!
[Benny]
Oh, shit. Coming.
You'll be working
with Mike and Carrie
on that vampire story.
- Is that camera off?
- Oh, yeah. It-it's off.
I'm gonna go over this with you.
While you're in the house
you may not bring with you...
any crosses, rosary beads...
holy water, steaks...
This is ridiculous.
Look, this is what they want.
Well, how do we know
they're not gonna infect us
or kill us?
They're not gonna infect
or kill you.
Now, this is all coming
from the sect leader.
Well, what is a sect leader?
The sectional leader.
He's the one
that arranged all this.
They want you
to go there tonight.
While you're in the house,
I want you to report to me.
Aye-aye, captain.
- Any other questions?
- Oh, uh...
Oh, shuck.
Do we have permission
to stake them
in the heart
if they vamp out on us?
Mike, you're in charge here.
So you fuck up, you know what.
Thanks, Aaron.
- You're in trouble.
- I'm not in trouble.
I wish I had that recorded
so I could play it back.
[Benny]
Actually I, I did record it.
- Really?
- That...
[Benny]
Yeah. I-I thought it'd be...
That's good.
Can you shut the camera off?
I thought you'd do that.
I never stop rollin'... bitch.
[Mike]
Benny, quit jerkin' off!
Alright.
She's a little cranky right now
since Carrie and him,
you know...
You understand how expensive
a Lavalier mic is?
[Benny] Today's our
first day of production.
We just got
the official word
that we've been granted
exclusive access...
Benny. Benny,
pay attention. Okay?
These batteries are charged,
right?
- Uh...
- Did you...
Did you charge the other ones
like I asked you to?
[Benny] Uh, yeah. They're almost ready.
- This should be filmed.
- Alright, Carrie...
Can you take notes?
We're gonna take inventory.
Yeah.
Come on, Benny, let's do this.
Call it out.
[Benny] Alright, we have two main DSLRs.
- Okay, there's one.
- Two DSLRs.
- Battery is in here.
- Alright.
- Keep it goin'.
- What else?
And then we got
two of these handhelds.
- You've the case for this?
- No, you have the case for...
Benny, you're gonna
get the case for this.
Come on, I don't have all day.
We've three of these
hidden IP cameras
capable of transmitting
their signal to a phone app.
Check these things out.
These are bad-ass, huh?
[Carrie]
Mm-hmm. What else?
Uh, we also have this Hi8.
- Hi8.
- Okay...
Why are you bringing
a Hi8 along?
For night vision.
I thought
it'd be cool to have and stuff.
Yeah, that's gonna come in
real handy, Benny.
Oh, uh, and last but not least
we have two of these
wireless HD micro cameras.
They're the size
of a shirt button.
Can I get one
to spy on my roommate?
You wanna spy on your roommate?
- Yeah, I'm positive.
- We could've...
- Oh, my God, please.
- What?
It's not like
I haven't seen it before.
Oh, my God!
- Uh, alright, Benny...
- Is that it?
Okay, it's really cute
that you're filming
but can you stop?
I mean, I don't...
Or why are you filming?
I don't even understand.
[Benny] Well, I'm also
documenting the journey.
You know,
so we can get everything.
That's good. Why don't you cut
and help us load up the gear?
Start by getting the case
for this handheld.
- Please...
- Really?
- Yeah.
- Why don't you shut up?
- Right.
- Did you finish the inventory?
I can't read your handwriting.
Benny,
the case for this handheld.
Let's load up the truck.
Come on.
Do you remember what I said
when we first started dating?
[Benny]
They are still at it.
What are you talking about?
You honestly don't remember
what I said?
No, I don't remember.
That was five years ago.
It's nice to know
that I had such little meaning...
- Oh, my God, fucking, drop it.
- Fine.
Wait here.
- W-where's he going?
- Beats me.
[Benny] What the hell? Is
he running into that church?
No, he's coming back now.
Sounds like you two had
some issues to work out?
Yeah, sorry about that,
he's good at his job
but he could be
an arrogant prick sometimes.
- Holy water.
- Is that what you were doing?
Yeah. Yeah.
[Benny] Thought Aaron
said we weren't supposed...
You know what,
Aaron's not the one there
riskin' his neck, is he?
So fuck him!
[car doors shut]
[Mike]
Fuck. I'm kinda freaked out.
[Carrie] Wow! This looks
straight out of a horror movie.
I guess they have a flair
for the theatrics, don't they?
Maybe one of us should grab
the gear...
[female #1]
Hello.
Hi. You guys
are the camera crew, right?
- Yeah, that's right.
- Yeah, that's the wrong house.
[female #1] That was
abandoned. We live over here.
You honestly thought
we lived there?
No, uh, our station manager
just must've given us
the wrong address.
Fuck, if that's
not embarrassing.
Alright, remember,
uh, nice and polite.
- Hi, I'm Mike.
- Hi. Hi, Mike.
I'll be conducting
the interviews.
Elleanor.
But you can call me Elle.
Elle, lemme
introduce you to the crew.
This is Carrie,
running sound.
- Hi, Carrie.
- Nice to meet you.
And behind the lens,
that's Benny.
He's operating the camera.
- Hi, Benny.
- Hi.
I guess I'll have to get used
to having a camera around.
Um, okay.
Everyone, please, come inside.
- Hi, honey.
- Hey.
The camera crew
from the news station is here.
Oh, can you get a shot
of that mirror, please? Benny.
- Copy that.
- The mirror? Where?
Oh, I see.
No, we're not as, uh, mystical
as Hollywood
has made us up to be.
I'm glad that you're here
to dispel that image.
I'm gonna get started on dinner,
leave you guys to it.
- Okay.
- Where's Blake and Selvin?
I just saw Blake. I think Selvin
is off hiding in the basement.
Okay, so who do we have here?
- Oh, I'm Mike.
- How are you doing, Mike?
- I'm Andrew.
- Hi. Carrie.
- Carrie.
- Nice to meet you.
- This is Benny.
- Hi, Benny.
- Thanks for havin' us.
- My pleasure.
- Well, this is...
- Blake.
Blake, this is the camera crew
that I told you about.
Oh! Hey-hey. I'm Blake.
I'm really excited
to have you guys.
Yeah, Blake, you should show 'em
to their rooms
let 'em get settled, we'll have
some supper or somethin'.
What kind of supper
did you have in mind?
Supper. Food. Um...
Another...
Oh...
You don't have anything
to worry about.
We've been dining with humans
for years.
- Oh.
- And on them.
- He's kidding.
- I'm kidding. Just kidding.
Maybe, we're...
Is that working?
- Yeah.
- Could we just start over?
Well, we can just erase
that part.
- Erase it. Thanks. Okay.
- Yeah.
Yeah. We'll erase that part.
Upstairs.
Okay. Come on.
Uh, actually, is it,
is it possible to pull our truck
into the driveway
to unload our equipment?
Sure. That's why you're here.
- Great.
Alright, we'll back in a minute.
- Benny, put down the camera.
- Thanks.
Benny!
Alright. Right this way.
- I'm on camera, right?
- Yep, we got you.
Okay, cool, this is
my good side, so you can get...
This place is pretty amazing.
How long have you lived here?
Yeah, 12 years, you know?
But, uh, I'm really excited
to have you guys.
I mean, I personally insisted
that you guys come.
Yeah. I've always wanted
to be on TV.
Why's that?
You know, we stayed out
of the limelight
all these years because,
you know, whatever...
The cat's out of the bag now,
so this is my chance
to be famous, so...
I'm gonna show you guys around.
Gonna show you the inside scoop.
Okay. Sounds great. Thanks.
You guys let me know
if you need anything
anything at all, okay?
- Where's that stair going?
- Oh, yeah. Right, right here.
Ah, yeah.
Yeah, once you guys in here...
This is where he wants you.
So just, you know, get settled
and, uh, when you guys are ready
come downstairs,
we got some delish food, okay?
[Mike]
Awesome. Sounds good.
This is gonna be
in the documentary, right?
- Yeah, I mean, you know...
- Okay.
- Come on back down.
Carrie, looks like
you and I can...
I'm gonna take the single
and you and Benny
are gonna share the queen.
Great.
[Benny] Here, put this on. They
won't know you're recording 'em.
Do you need some help
putting it on?
Can you help me?
Just put it right
in that button hole.
- Is it hidden enough?
- Lemme check the camera feed.
[Mike]
Pretty good.
Uh, seems like
the signal's weak or something.
We don't time
to fix it right now.
Just make my micro-cam
the B cam
and use the A. Let's go.
Okay.
- Well, the music they blocked...
- Shit.
Ah, hello, good evening.
Come, sit. Eat.
- Have a seat.
- Oh, thank you.
Thanks.
[Carrie clears throat]
- You are welcome to sit as well.
- Oh. Thanks. I'll stand.
It's his job
to operate the camera, so...
Oh, I see.
Uh, uh, well,
so wh-what do you two do?
Oh, um, I run sound,
I operate equipment.
- Take notes. Stuff like that.
- Uh-huh. And you, Mike?
I conduct the interviews.
You know,
ask questions, keep it goin'.
So you're, like,
the face of the documentary?
You could say that,
but ultimately
the story's about you.
Righteous, man.
That's Blake.
And this is Selvin.
Selvin is a... is a quiet one
in the family.
You know, he's a little shy
but once he knows you,
he'll warm up.
- Alright.
- Here you go.
- Oh, thank you.
- Selvin, sit down.
Oh. Um, what is it?
Oh, that's a, uh, ham steak.
That's from a pig.
[Carrie laughs]
Of course. I'm sorry, I...
- I...
- Give us a little credit.
We've been entertaining
for centuries.
We do know
how to make you guys a meal.
Sorry if Carrie offended you.
Hm, it's quite alright.
Um, are you gonna be eating?
- Um...
- Uh, yeah.
No, no, no.
He'll-he'll eat later.
Um, what about you guys?
- Oh, uh...
- Are you eating?
Us, as you know, we're...
Our diet consists of something
a little bit different.
It's kind of a,
kind of a liquid diet.
Oh, so that's blood?
It's blood
from the Czech Republic.
So you guys
don't hunt humans for food?
Hm. Goodness, no.
That would be like, you hunted
that pig for your supper.
- Well, there are actually some...
- Blake, you're interrupting.
It's all automated now.
We live our lives
pretty much just like you
except our diet's
a little different.
Yes, and one could say
it's even kinder
because we accept
blood donations.
So there isn't any killing
of any people anymore.
So you don't bite people
on the necks?
[both laughing]
Uh, please,
by all means, begin eating.
To answer your question, no, we
do not bite people on the necks.
Not at all.
Um... there's no need.
As you are aware,
blood is donated freely
from numerous sources
around the world.
Wow, this food is really good.
Elle's a good cook, isn't she?
I've had many years
to perfect it.
Exactly how many years
would that be?
If you're trying to figure out
how old I am, let me remind you,
it's considered rude
to ask a woman's age,
regardless of species.
Point taken.
Alrighty then,
as guests in the house
I've to run a few rules
by you, if you don't mind.
Okay.
First, um...
there can't be any filming
of our, uh, rituals
our ceremonies.
Well, in order for us
to completely capture
your lifestyle,
we've to have...
No, no, no.
No cameras, no filming...
of ceremonies.
Okay.
Second of all,
we can't allow you
to go down into the basement.
You can freely run around
in the house
but the basement is off limits.
There's a lot of old heirlooms
down there that, uh
we don't wanna see
anything happen to...
- That understood?
- Absolutely.
Understood. We understand.
And finally, um
you can't, uh, disturb us during
the day when we're sleeping.
Yep. It's absolutely essential
that we rest during those hours
so that
we can function properly.
- It's essential.
- With no exceptions.
Okay, well,
as guests of your house
we will follow
all of your rules.
Alrighty then.
So after we eat, what do we do?
Okay, just be careful
not to hit it.
- Is it on properly?
- Yeah, just try not to hit it.
- Okay.
- I think we're good.
- Fire away, Mike.
- Great.
Um, could you please start
by stating your name
for the camera?
Uh, my name is Andrew Pritchard.
And what do you do for a living?
Uh, venture.
Uh, I'm sorry,
could you please state it
as a, "I work as..."
Oh, I work
as a venture capitalist.
From the outside perspective
you seem like
an ordinary, ambitious guy.
Sometimes I get a little lazy.
But let's get
to the heart of the matter.
You are a vampire?
What defines me as being a
vampire is that I need albumen.
That's a protein plasma
that's found in blood.
That's my food. That's what
keeps me functioning.
Do you have fangs?
[chuckles]
Do I look like I have fangs?
Well, what happens
if you touch a cross?
Oh, I start to get
a tingling feeling
that I can't control it.
No, nothing.
Nothing happens in particular.
Would a stake to the heart
kill you?
Well, wouldn't
a stake to the heart kill you?
[Mike]
What about holy water?
Nope.
Sunlight?
Sunlight,
sunlight is a different matter.
Yes, uh,
due to our genetic makeup
we suffer
from exposure to sunlight
because we have a condition
known as cutaneous porphyria
which is where, if we are
exposed to direct sunlight
our skin blisters and burns.
So you're saying that
every myth about vampires
can be explained medically?
Modern science can explain
all of our medical conditions.
And if you go back in time
when people thought to be crazed
or out of their minds, lunatic,
for example...
uh, they were characterized
as being possessed by the devil.
- We don't believe that today.
- How old are you, Andrew?
I'm 147 years old.
How is this possible?
Well, the blood that we require
regenerates our cells.
But can you explain, uh, uh
how it-it's possible for your...
Uh, we-we should just move on
from that one.
We, well, um...
- I mean, is it possi...
- Just move on.
Okay.
Oh, you know, I got a meeting
that that I've got to keep.
I've got to make a living
like you said, right?
So maybe
we could come back to that
at a future time.
Sorry.
Uh-uh, okay,
wh-wh-wh-what just happened?
Right. I'm so excited.
How's my hair?
Can you try not to move
while I'm doing this?
[Blake]
Oh, sorry.
- Uh, uh, Benny, right? Oh. Cool.
- Yeah.
- Hey, uh, how close are you?
- Uh, it's about till here.
Okay. So I could move around
a little bit?
- Yeah.
- Okay. I think we're good.
Okay.
Alright, uh, are you ready?
I was born ready.
Okay, can you please start
by stating your name
for the camera?
Uh...
I'm Blake Theodore Slosser I.
And can you state your age
for the camera?
I'm 111 years old, bro.
Tell me about yourself.
Well, uh, I like living in the
fast lane. You know what I mean?
I, uh, feel like, as a vampire,
you know, I can, um
I can live the party lifestyle
without any of the consequences
humans would have.
Well, how long have you been
living your life like this?
Well, probably, ever since I
turned, I think, late 20s.
You see, I-I came
from a poor family.
Didn't have a lot of money,
so I used to make a habit
of stealing food and
one day it caught up to me.
They threw me in jail.
You know,
they sentenced me to hard labor
from a child into adulthood.
I mean, it was miserable.
I didn't get to feel like
what it was like to be free,
to-to have fun.
Uh, and top of it all,
there was this warden who...
He really didn't like me.
So he literally punished me
every chance he got.
I mean, one day
he beat me so bad...
I mean, I was on my death bed.
That was the day
that I met Andrew
and that was the day he made me
an offer that I couldn't refuse.
What was the first thing
that you did
when you became a vampire?
[laughs]
Mike, that's a good question.
First thing I did was I opened
a can of good, old-fashion
whoop-ass on that warden.
I'm talking about,
I ripped him from limb to limb.
He was begging, begging in ways
I never even imagined possible.
Sweet revenge!
Oh, man.
I was dancin' on his heart,
it was still beatin'.
Refused to even drink his blood.
Such a bastard!
Um, and did you tell
your family?
Uh, I just came here
and, like, this is my family,
you know?
It sounds like quite the life.
Oh, shit, it is now!
Have you ever killed anyone
that you've never met?
Oh, yeah.
Lots of times, I-I...
[Andrew clears throat]
But you know, um,
not so much anymore.
I see. Uh, do you miss it?
Well, yeah.
I mean, I miss it...
But you know, we... we evolve.
And shit like that.
Well, uh, thank you.
We're done?
[Mike]
Look, we'll do some more later
but that's it for now.
Okay. Well... how do I look?
- Good.
- Yeah. Cool.
N- no,
you're not listening to me.
Can't you stop that interview?
How am I supposed to do my job?
That's the whole point, right?
We're here to interview them
then they stop it short?
[Benny]
Yeah, I don't...
- Where, where's Carrie?
- Uh...
Is she in the bathroom?
- What?
- Benny, put...
Okay,
put the fucking camera down.
We're waiting for, um
the-the, that weird,
that weird...
- That weird, what, Selvin...
- Yeah.
I don't know.
Put, put the camera down, Benny.
[humming]
- Ah! What the fuck?
- Ooh, ooh, ooh!
Oh, Selvin. Sorry.
He's not quite used
to this stuff.
- Should we do this another time?
- No, he needs a minute.
Okay, just remember
what we talked about.
[groaning]
Okay.
Okay. Okay.
He's ready.
[Carrie]
Okay. Good.
We're good.
Okay.
Could you please state your name
for the camera?
Marten Selvin Trask.
- Marten...
- Now it's Selvin.
Selvin...
can you tell us your age?
[Elleanor]
Go ahead.
Can you tell us
what you do remember?
Darkness.
- Infinite black darkness!
- Hold! Okay! O-okay! Okay!
[Elleanor]
Whoa! Alright. Okay. Just...
- Could you just turn that off?
- Okay. It's off.
Okay. Okay.
[Elleanor] Okay, obviously,
we need to get some air.
This isn't gonna work.
We're gonna take a break.
[Elleanor]
Come on. Come on.
[sighs]
[laughing]
Sorry, but, uh, you know
Selvin, he was, he was trapped
in a concrete dungeon for years
and, uh, he wasn't, like,
exposed to any, like
light or interaction,
so he went a little mad
but, uh, he's getting better,
it's a process.
Well, how did he survive
while he was trapped?
The dude mainly fed on rats.
That's terrible.
That's disgusting.
- How long was he down there?
- Over 30 years.
- Holy cow! Thirty years?
- That's what he said, Benny.
Yeah, that's what I said,
but imagine
what that'd do
to your mind.
Like, he was this close
to becoming a dweller.
- I'm sorry, dweller?
- Yeah.
Uh, a, a dweller, it's when, um
a vampire doesn't get
enough blood
they go absolutely mad
and turn into rabid animals.
How did he end up there
in the first place?
Uh, some villagers
chased him there and some shit.
I don't really remember,
but what I do know
is when he got loose,
he single-handedly
went to that village
and tore the shit out of it.
He fuckin' killed everyone.
But, listen,
you guys cannot tell Andrew
that I told you any of this
shit. I'll get in trouble.
- Cool?
- Yeah.
- Pinky swear?
Yeah.
That's some old-school shit
that we used to do.
Okay, um, can you please start
by stating your name
for the camera?
My name is Elleanor Theona Gray.
And can you state your age,
please?
I've told you I don't wish
to discuss that topic.
Okay. Did Andrew infect you?
Yes, he drained my blood
and infected me with his own
but not for the reasons
that you might think.
I contracted
a severe case of polio.
I was dying
when Andrew gave me the choice
to live or die, so I chose life.
Through vampirism?
Did you know what you were being
offered at the time?
Please understand.
I had a sickly mother
who needed my help.
I didn't want to leave her.
Andrew gave me the greatest gift
that anybody ever could.
So we fell in love
and I married him.
So after you became a vampire
your, your feelings,
they never changed?
No, the misconception
that we turn
into mindless, bloodthirsty
beasts is ridiculous.
My family means as much to me
now as it did
before I was changed.
We need blood, it's what
our bodies require to survive.
It is a small price to pay
for what we get to experience.
And what is that?
We never
have to see ourselves age.
We can watch life and time go by
as coaches change.
And what are the down sides?
Watching those that you love
age ungracefully
and die around you.
I'd say
that's the hardest part for me.
[Benny] Can you imagine
being trapped for 30 years?
- In complete darkness?
- I know, it's crazy.
Can you put down that camera
and help us with the gear?
I tell you, that guy
scared the shit outta me.
[screaming]
What? What was it?
I just saw something outside.
- Are you sure?
- I saw it too.
Yes.
There's nothing there now.
I don't know
if I feel like sleeping now.
Hey, listen, I'm not gonna
let anything happen to you.
- Alright?
- Okay. Nice try.
[door opens]
- Selvin! Selvin!
- Yeah?
[Andrew]
Get your ass out here.
[whispering]
What are you doing?
- What the fuck was that?
- Ah.
[Benny] Okay, that was seriously creepy.
What just happened?
[Mike]
You were asleep the whole time?
Yeah, I woke up because I felt
my life was in danger
or something.
[Benny]
That's not far from the truth.
- Shut up, Benny.
- What?
Hey, was this thing running
the whole time?
[Benny]
Yeah.
Oh, good. That means we can...
[Benny]
It is now officially day two.
And this morning
was a little awkward.
God, what time is it?
Hm. It's, um, 7:30.
I'd be sleeping if you guys
didn't tell me about last night.
- It scared the shit outta me.
- It was freaky.
Everyone seems to be asleep
now, though.
Why don't you put that down
and grab yourself a bowl?
[Benny] I'm good. I never eat breakfast.
You're gonna bitch to me
I didn't let you eat.
Are you seriously filming us
when we're eating cereal?
[Benny] Yeah. You never
know what you're gonna get.
Think of what we caught
last night.
Hm, that reminds me...
First order of business today
I wanna set up cameras
around the house.
- You think Andrew'll be cool?
- Andrew's not gonna know.
You're gonna patch those in
through your phone app.
Also, I wanna try to get down
to that, uh...
- Oh. Carrie, are you okay?
- Hey, hey.
- Lean your head back.
- It's just a nosebleed.
Can you put that down,
help for a second?
- Yeah. Sorry.
- Do you wanna...
Um, is the bag...
Shall I get the bag
from upstairs?
Alright, uh,
all the cameras are set.
Go and check,
see if they're working.
[Benny]
Yeah. Checking. Yeah, man.
Cameras one, two and three
are all set.
[cell phone vibrating]
One second.
Hey, Aaron, what's up?
Yeah, yeah,
I can, I can do that right now.
Okay, bye.
Uh, Aaron wants to do
a video call, so...
[line ringing]
You were supposed to touch base
earlier. What's going on?
Um, yeah,
I was just about to call you.
- Where's Carrie?
- She's not feeling well.
- So she's resting.
- How's everything else going?
Well, at first,
they seemed kind of ordinary.
You haven't seen
anything strange?
I'm still not completely sold
on the whole vampire thing.
Yeah,
that's what I thought at first
but now we've seen
a couple of strange things.
One of the family members
came into our room this morning
and he was sniffing Carrie.
Sniffing Carrie?
That doesn't mean he's a vampire
that just means he's a pervert!
I'm not ready to leave yet.
I think
there's something off about...
Benny, why the hell
are you filming this?
Just try and make an effort
to come up with
something newsworthy, please.
- Will do.
- Thank you.
Bye.
[Benny]
So what do you think?
Well, for starters I-I think
we should be sleeping during
the daytime so that we can be
awake at night when they are.
Considering what happened
this morning
and the fact
we got little sleep.
- I'm going back to bed.
- Yeah.
Hey, guys. Ho!
I scared the shit outta him.
Did you see?
No, it just felt like you were
supposed to be, well, you know?
Oh, because it's daytime?
No, no, no.
I built up a resistance
to indirect sunlight
but I did hear
what the bossman was talking.
Sounds like
he's skeptical of us, huh?
I think it's difficult
for Aaron because he's not...
Okay, no, no, no, cool, 'cause
I wanna show you guys somethin'.
Come over here. Come on.
Okay. Now are you ready?
'Cause this is gonna
blow your mind, okay?
- This thing's recording?
- Yeah. It's on.
Come here, come here.
Focus on my arm. Okay?
Alright. Here goes nothin'.
Oh! Whoo-hoo!
[Benny]
Gettin' it. Gettin' it.
Oh.
Check that out.
Oh, crispy fried arm.
Go ahead and touch it, bossman.
- Oh!
- It's cold.
Yeah, it's kinda trip, huh?
Uh, did you get that?
You wanna try?
- I'm good. Thanks.
- Okay, but you got it.
- You got it, right?
- Yeah, yeah.
Okay. Cool.
Cool, well, um...
What do you guys think?
You wanna do another interview?
'Cause we got this now.
Ah, w-we'll do a second round
throughout the week, so...
Okay, but you know,
everybody's asleep now.
I mean,
we can totally pop one off.
Yeah, um, we-we have to properly
set up the equipment
script out some more questions
so we're kinda not ready.
Okay. Well, then, um...
I'll go get me some shut-eye.
- Okay?
- Alright, sleep well.
What do you guys think?
You think this-this footage
is interesting enough
for your bossman?
I don't want you guys
to leave yet, you know?
Ah, absolutely.
- You're sure?
- Yeah.
Alright. Cool, cool.
Well, uh, I'm out.
[Benny]
Have a good one.
Peace out.
Oh, my God! You believe that?
This footage
is gonna be amazing.
You better have captured that.
Trust me, I got it.
What was he doing up anyway?
I don't know,
we know they're awake
at night and during the day.
[Benny] Guys, wake up. It's almost 6:00.
Ah... Shit.
We slept a long fuckin' time.
Benny, uh, why didn't you
get us up earlier?
Man, I dozed off.
Can't you do anything right?
Carrie.
Carrie, come on,
it's time to get up.
Um, I don't feel good.
Mike, what's wrong with her?
How the hell should I know?
Hey, what's going on?
[indistinct chatter]
Dude, look at her.
She's all pale.
Yeah, she felt really cold.
Mike, check her neck
for bite marks.
No, no, there's nothing. Benny.
Hey. Hey, how are you feelin'?
Not fucking good, Mike.
Maybe I can find
some aspirin downstairs.
Yeah, look, uh,
I'm coming with you
so that you won't give her
anything else fucked up.
[Benny] You know, I can
do some things right.
You wanna put down that camera
and help me look for medicine
for Carrie?
- Good evening.
- Ah.
Sorry, I didn't mean
to scare you.
No, it's just fright.
You just took us by surprise.
- Evening, Benny.
- Hi, Elle.
Anything I can help you find?
We're just trying
to find some aspirin for Carrie.
- She's not feeling so well.
- Oh, sorry to hear.
Uh, let me see what we have.
- Good evening, fellas.
- Good evening.
Andrew dear, Mike says
Carrie isn't feeling so good.
- No, no.
- Ah.
Do you know
if we have any aspirin?
I don't know.
Look in the medicine cabinet.
Mm-hmm. Oh!
- Not much use for it.
- Here we are.
Oh, here it is. Thank you.
She finds everything.
Did you guys sleep well?
Actually, yeah, we slept fine.
- Glad to hear.
- You know, I can't...
I've got to tell you that
we are expecting, uh,
additional guests later tonight.
Oh, I-I didn't know that
anyone else was, was coming.
Yeah, it's our sectional leader.
He's paying us a visit.
It's actually considered
quite an honor.
I'd ask you
to be on your best behavior.
Yeah, yeah, of course.
And he'd also, he'd like to
contribute to the documentary.
Oh. Well, great.
I- I'm sure we'll get
some, some great footage.
I- I should probably get this up
to Carrie, so thank you.
- Yeah.
- Yeah. Oh.
Dinner'll be ready
in half an hour.
- Cool. Thanks.
- Great, we-we'll see you then.
Thank you...
Benny, if you don't shut
that camera off right now...
[Benny]
Mike, someone's at the door.
- Hey.
- Hey, guys.
So Andrew wanted me to let you
know Samuel's here.
Oh, uh, we'll be right down.
- Okay.
- Cool.
Okay.
- Alright, let's go do this.
- Wait.
[Benny]
You have your micro cam on?
Yup. All set.
Gentlemen, this is Samuel.
Our sectional group leader.
The one I told you
was coming tonight.
Sam. Nice to meet you.
I'm Mike.
Samuel, please.
Yes, of course, uh, Samuel.
I'm sorry.
So you're the one
that broke the story
about the blood donation
facilities?
Yes, I happened to,
to stumble upon that.
I see. Well, you should know.
I requested you personally.
I wanted to see if you are
as good as your reputation.
Oh, I guess we'll find out.
Oh, this is Benny.
He's operating the camera.
- Benny.
- Hi there.
Come on, gentlemen.
We're gonna leave you ladies.
We have to pre, continue to
prepare for tonight's ceremony.
- Samuel.
- Thank you, Andrew.
Um, this is my daughter,
Rebecca.
Oh, Rebecca. Nice to meet you.
Come.
[Benny]
Hi. Nice to meet you.
And this is my other daughter,
Sybil.
Sybil, it's a pleasure
to meet you, as well.
How dare you address me?
- You're nothing more than prey.
- Sybil.
We feed on pitiful bloodsacks
like you. Nothing more.
(man speaking
foreign language)
I apologize
for my daughter's behavior.
She is still adjusting
to the changing times.
Yeah, it's okay.
You know... kids.
[clears throat]
Can you tell us a brief history
about yourself?
Okay, I, uh...
I was raised in England
and I came over to the States
in the early 17th century.
How did you become a vampire?
Direct into the point, I see.
I was turned by an elder.
If an elder were to die
would you be affected by that?
Well, since we're all connected
um, we would feel
tremendous physical pain. Yes.
- Would you change back?
- No.
No, no, once the virus is in
your bloodstream, it's there.
There's no way to get rid of it.
Do you know
how vampirism came to be?
That's like asking
how fish came to be.
When I discovered
that blood-donation facilities
were supplying vampires
with their sustenance
it seemed that you had adapted
to new ways.
We have adapted to modern times
and technologies.
It's not typical for us to, uh
go on killing people anymore.
But you used to kill.
Yes, and that was, uh,
unfortunately
part of our history.
How... did you kill?
Whichever was the quickest way
to draw the blood.
Being human,
you wouldn't know about that.
The pain and the hunger
when we have a need to feed.
That's, uh...
It's as if nothing else matters.
It sounds like an addiction.
Hm, of the worst kind.
But as I stated earlier,
we've evolved.
We, uh, we've learned,
over the centuries
to control these urges.
We don't have any hatred
of humans.
We're trying to help society
by doing it a service.
How so?
I think it's better if
I show you rather than explain
but you're gonna need
to turn the cameras off.
Listen, if you wanna see...
you're gonna need
to turn them off.
Well, go ahead.
Alright, shut 'em down.
[Benny]
Yeah. I'm gonna fuck you guys.
[whistling]
[female #1]
Ah! No, let go!
This way, gentleman.
Michael. Benny.
You two stand over there.
[woman sobbing]
[Mike]
Wait.
O- okay, um...
What's going on?
Relax, Michael.
Are you gonna kill her?
We're sacrificing her.
But then you said
you're domesticated
and that you don't kill anymore.
We are domesticated.
She, however, is not.
Well, tonight
we are going to celebrate
our origins in the old way.
We do this ritual yearly
so we don't have to go out
and kill every night.
[Mike]
But how does this help society?
Before you start to pity her
too much
you should know
that she is a prostitute
and infected with HIV
who's been
knowingly infecting others
while satiating the drug use.
- That's not true!
- Shh!
Please don't let them kill me!
We're very selective
about who we choose
to participate
in our ceremonies.
No families or children.
She'll be dead within a year
if left on the streets,
cold, hungry
sick and, uh...
It's an ancient ritual
and no humans
have ever witnessed this before.
Why don't you want us
filming it?
But we don't think
that the general public's ready
to watch this
particular ceremony, Michael.
Well, shall we begin?
My dear,
would you do the honors?
No! No! No!
- Ah!
- Holy shit!
[groaning]
Why are you just watching?
Please, help me!
Andrew.
No, no! Ah!
[Elleanor]
It will be over soon.
Shh!
[Mike] Shouldn't we use a
tranquilizer to help her with the pain?
No, foreign chemical
in her bloodstream
will ruin the ceremony.
- Please, everyone, join in.
- No! No!
No! No! Ah!
[groaning]
Oh, my God! Ah!
[Benny]
Oh, fuck.
Please! I beg you.
Just do something.
- Please!
- Mike!
[Benny] Mike, we have to, we
gotta go. We can't film this.
Oh. Congratulations.
For another fine ceremony.
This may seem monstrous to you
but trust me
we do this to help society
by removing the unwanted.
Right.
[Benny] Why the fuck didn't we
do anything to help that girl?
What do you think
we could've done?
We could've done something!
Anything!
We're just as guilty
as those people!
This is the problem
dealing with inexperienced...
Oh, don't give me
that bullshit, man!
We just watched a girl
get murdered
while we sat around
and watched!
Would you shut up,
think for a second?
What'd you think
would've happened
if we tried to interfere?
You think
they would've let us live?
So you're saying
there's nothing we can do.
We're gonna watch them kill.
We are doing something.
We're letting people know
what's going on here.
So why aren't we
getting out of here?
- What about our safety?
- Don't you get it?
We're gonna let people know
what these things really are.
I mean, yeah, look.
Fine, okay, we couldn't save one
we're gonna save more
in the long run.
What good's it gonna do
if you're dead
you can't tell anyone?
Yeah, well...
Do you believe what
they were saying about her?
I don't, I don't know.
But it's dark.
The only thing
that matters now is, is
I've to make sure
the three of us get home safely.
- Okay?
- Is she doing any better?
How the fuck should I know? I
mean, does she look any better?
[Benny]
What?
Are those Samuel's daughters?
Hey, Mike. Check this out.
- Wait, what? What is it?
- Shh, shh...
[Benny]
Down there at the pool.
Oh, shit!
Aren't they supposed
to be sisters?
[Mike]
That's what I thought.
This whole friggin' family
is weird.
[knocking on door]
- Hey, guys. Bad time?
- No.
So did the little ritual
freak you guys out or what?
No, not really.
- How about you, Benny?
- No. No bother at all.
Cool, man. Cool.
So everybody's downstairs,
started figuring
maybe you guys wanna come
with Selvin and I
to document the night and stuff.
- You game?
- Sure. Why not?
- What do you think, Benny?
- Sure.
Awesome! Oh, man,
this is gonna be so much fun.
But we can't tell Andrew.
Okay? We've to keep it
behind his backs.
They're busy downstairs
with Samuel whatever
let's sneak out
the back quietly.
Man, this is gonna be
so much fun.
You're gonna get so much
kick-ass footage. Trust me.
Trust me. Just...
You can trust me.
Alright, let's rock and roll.
Oh!
- How's your girl doing?
- Ah, she's better, I think.
Right on.
Selvin, get your ass in here.
Ah, we're ready to go, so...
- Let's go.
- Ho!
- We're not going that way.
- We're not?
- No.
- Wait. What's going on?
Grab Benny. I got Mike.
Ah!
Oh, no!
I was just fucking with you.
You thought we could fly?
You've seen too many movies,
Mikey.
Come on, we're gonna take
the back staircase.
[laughing]
Oh! You, did you...
Did you wet?
You should've seen your face.
Alright, listen, listen.
The lights burn out.
So make sure
you watch your step.
Shh!
- Quiet.
- Hey, Benny, watch your step.
[Benny]
Oh! Oh, geez...
Quick. Quick.
Come on. Come on.
Let's go!
So that girl
that was sacrificed today
was she actually sick?
Fuck, no. No, no, we found her
on the street tonight.
- True story.
- I knew it.
- So why weren't you there?
- Oh!
Listen, those guys
and the whole domesticated...
Andrew trying to be domestic,
fuck that. Losing his edge.
So you're saying that you
wanna continue killing, then?
Listen, what I'm saying is,
no offence
but I want humans to fear us
because if they fear us,
then they respect us.
Come on!
This is so much fun.
Hey, hey, come on,
get down, get down.
- See the house with the light?
- Yeah.
- That's where we're going.
- Okay. Why?
Ah, well, it's a little bit
out of the way
and a bunch of stoners
live there.
Oh, Selvin likes
one of the guys, too. So...
But why are we here?
Well, you wanna see how we live?
That's what I'm trying to show
you. Keep the camera rolling.
Footage's gonna be amazing.
Come on. Come on.
Sneak around the back. Come on.
Okay, it's gonna be good. Shh!
Go, go, go...
Make sure to keep the camera
on me, okay?
Follow closely.
Uh, but...
Okay. Make sure to keep
the camera on both of us.
[Benny]
Uh, got it.
- Alright.
- Okay.
It's showtime.
Got it.
[male #2]
Yo!
Let's grab some beers.
- What are we doing?
- Shit, man!
[groaning]
- Benny! Benny!
- What?
- Oh, look.
Okay. Now the rest
of the pinheads.
Stay behind us. Come on.
[laughing]
Excuse me, germs,
if I may please
have your undivided attention.
Oh!
You got ten seconds to get out
before I knock
the fuck out of you.
Excuse me, you're interrupting!
Hey, Glen, go get
my fucking gun off the dresser.
Fucking now! Go!
Ooh, tough guy.
It's gonna be good.
Oh! He's got a knife.
You wanna stab...
You wanna stab me?
Okay, go ahead. Come on. Do it.
- Oh!
- Come on.
Did you just stab me?
You're gettin' this?
Is that, is that your best shot?
Come on, motherfucker! Come on!
I'm choking.
You wanna see something scary?
- Oh! Oh!
- That had to hurt.
Hey!
Get the fuck away from him.
I'm, I'm gonna fucking kill you.
That's not gonna happen.
[gunshot]
Did you just shoot me?
[groaning]
Get him! Get him!
One!
Two!
[grunting]
I never get to make a wish!
Oh, Benny, you wanna see
what it looks like?
Blake, kill him, just do it
so he doesn't suffer.
I mean, his body is in shock.
He doesn't feel anything.
See? Oh, hey, you know what?
You wanna interview me
during the process?
Come here, come here, Benny.
Yes. Okay, wait.
Can you see everything?
- Uh-huh.
- Okay, good.
Ask me some questions.
Uh...
What-what goes through your mind
when you're killing people?
Pure adrenalin rush, man.
Hey, Selvin,
what are you feeling?
It feels nice.
"It feels nice." There you go.
Uh, anything-anything else?
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
One more question, okay?
Go ahead.
Why do you kill since blood
is readily available to you?
Ooh, that's a good question.
Um, the hunt.
Yes, we really enjoy the hunt.
That's the part that's human,
you know?
We don't want our food
just given to us
like we're a bunch
of caged animals, you know?
- Alright, we're here. Come on.
- Ah...
Oh! Tonight was fun, right?
It's good.
Hey, but you know, you gotta
keep this between us. Okay?
Everyone is gonna find out
when we release the footage.
Oh.
Good. I hope it shocks
the shit out of 'em.
I mean, fuck Andrew and his
politically correct bullshit.
I had a lot of fun.
Come on, let's go.
Selvin, come on.
[Benny]
So we got the footage.
Why the hell
aren't we leaving yet?
How much more
do we have to get...
What's going on over there?
Zoom in.
Fine.
[Mike]
Samuel and Elleanor.
[Benny] Good talking, Mike. Glad
our lives means so much to you.
[Mike]
Wait. Where is Andrew?
[Benny]
And you're totally ignoring me.
Well, turn on the audio.
I'll never forget you and you'll
be a part of me forever
but it's best
if I stay with Andrew.
I worry about you, so...
And I don't believe
that Andrew could provide
the protection that you need.
And I don't trust
this film crew.
You worry too much, Samuel.
I've it under control
and you forget
how long I've been
looking after myself.
I can't let any harm
come your way.
I will always be yours.
You were always
such a romantic.
Goodnight, dear Samuel.
Goodnight, my dear.
[Benny] Seems like some sort
of a love triangle or something.
Yeah, I guess.
Um, let's see what's going on
on the other cameras.
Blake, what the hell
were you thinking?
I don't see
what the big deal is.
I mean, everybody needs to know
we're vampires.
No, they don't know!
They do not know!
And you have to sabotage
our plan to make...
What? What? What?
That we're all domesticated?
This was to take us home
for the holidays?
Come on.
They're just food to us, man.
I mean, I'm sick of this whole
masquerade we're ordinary folks.
It's not cutting it for me,
Andrew.
How are we supposed
to easily overtake them
if they know we're their
enemies? You need to think.
You have just taken away
our advantage!
Okay. Okay.
So then what do you wanna do?
You know exactly
what you need to do now.
[Benny]
Oh, shit.
What do we do?
We're getting out of here.
- Now.
- It's about fucking time.
I know
you like to get footage...
[knocking on door]
Hi. Sorry to bother you.
Um, we've prepared
a late dinner for you.
Oh, well,
we're not hungry, so thank...
Andrew would actually
like to have a word with you.
And he's requested that
you don't bring any cameras.
Okay. Uh, we'll be right down.
Good.
We'll be expecting you shortly.
[Benny]
We can't go down there, Mike.
If we don't go down there
they're gonna know
we're on to them.
If we do, we're dead.
Just film this
on your microcam, alright?
Put this camera down.
Okay. Try to be
as relaxed as possible.
Okay, we can't act scared
or act like
we know something's up.
Ah. There they are.
- Come in. Sit.
- Thank you.
Benny, you must feel naked
without a camera
around your neck.
[Benny] It does feel a little strange.
Yeah, almost like I'm naked.
Wow, all this food.
What's the occasion?
Well, you, of course.
Please dig in.
So...
you've been with us a while.
- Got enough footage?
- Uh...
Yeah, I think
we got a decent amount.
Um, you know,
as filmmakers, we...
we always try to get
as much footage as possible
you know, just so
we have more to cut with.
Mm.
So did that, uh
ceremonial ritual of ours, uh
did you find that disturbing?
I've seen worse.
I visited the tribes in Africa
that practiced cannibalism.
So I've gotten very used
to seeing rituals
of different cultures.
I'm sure you have.
So what do you think?
I'm sorry? Uh, about what?
What do you think of us?
Um, I think you're...
very similar to us.
Really? That's an improvement.
In what way?
Well, th-the two of you.
For instance,
your relationship seems...
just like any other couple.
I see.
And how do you think you'll
portray us in the documentary?
Uh, well, I have to take a look
at the footage first
and cut it together, but I think
you'll find it to your liking.
And does that footage include
uh, what you shot
with Selvin and Blake?
I- I, we, when we got invited
to, uh, join them
earlier this evening
we had no idea
what they had in store for us.
I've already spoken to Blake.
Blake knows that he will be
severely punished.
I mean, how would you think
that footage will make us look?
Well, if it's that important
to you, um
we could just give you
the storage cartridge
that we used tonight.
Mm-hmm.
I mean, uh,
you know, I could just
go and find out which ones
we used and give them to you.
Benny, uh, can you help me find
which cards were used tonight?
- Yeah.
- We-we'll be right back.
We'll be right here.
[Benny]
Mike, what are you doing?
We're not gonna give them
those cards, are we?
Of course not.
They would have killed us
right then and there.
Holy water.
We're getting out of here now.
[Benny] They said holy
water doesn't affect them.
Yeah, well,
I don't believe a word they say.
Dude, bullets won't work.
They do
when they're dipped in silver.
Since when do you have time?
I told you, I come prepared.
Here, put this on.
Any stakes?
No, but I do have these.
Where did you find them?
You can get anything
on the Internet.
Hey, uh, check the cameras
and tell me where they're at.
Mike, they look anxious.
They're gonna catch on.
Oh, shit, we gotta go now.
Carrie, come on,
you gotta wake up.
- No, I'm too tired.
- Oh, come on.
Hey, get the CF cards,
the hard drive
but leave everything else.
- I'm grabbing the Hi8, too.
- Well, what-what for?
[Benny] It's the one with
night vision. We might need it.
[Mike]
Fine, whatever.
Carrie, Carrie,
you gotta get up.
- Hey, I-I got it all.
- Just put it in my backpack.
- Alright.
- Carrie, wake up. Carrie.
I'm gonna check
where they're at.
Mike, they're getting up.
We gotta go now.
- Carrie, wake up!
- Oh.
- We gotta go right now.
- Okay.
Come on, get up, get up.
[Benny] Holy shit,
dude. Look at her back!
Uh, s-stay still, okay?
Uh, lemme see.
What's that?
- Oh, fuck!
- What? Is it bad?
[Benny]
Um, no, it's not that bad.
Listen, uh, can-can you walk?
- Yeah, 'cause we gotta go.
- Okay.
Okay, come on.
Mike, they're gone.
- Here, put this on.
- Okay.
Come on, come on, come on.
Here, take this.
[Benny]
They're right at the door.
Where'd they go?
[Benny] I don't, I don't
know, the-they're gone.
- Leaving us so soon?
- Fuck you.
We don't plan on being
your next meal.
Well, now the cat's out of bag
I might as well show you
our true nature
so that you wouldn't be
too disappointed.
Hey, get the fuck back!
We were never gonna let you go.
Never.
Come on, come on, let's go.
Let's go, let's go!
Hey! Whoa, guys...
You think
you're going somewhere, huh?
- Huh?
- You have to let us go.
How's anyone gonna see
the footage we shot?
I don't need you for that.
I can deliver it myself.
Whoa! Look at you, bossman.
You wanna play, huh? Come on!
- Mike!
- Whoa! Hoo! Hoo!
Another knife. Okay, dear.
Think something's gonna happen?
Nothing's gonna happen.
Go ahead. Stick it in me, okay?
Don't look at him, look at me!
Stick it in me.
Nothing's gonna happen.
Here's my heart.
There you go, right there.
Okay, one, two...
[groaning]
[Mike]
It's silver, asshole!
Shit! Oh! Ah!
[groaning]
Come on, come on.
- We gotta go.
- It's locked.
[Elleanor] You won't get
out of the front door.
It's sealed. You'll pay
for what you did to Blake.
- Let's go out the back!
- Let's go.
This way!
Stay back!
Dessert.
[grunting]
Keep moving. This way, this way.
Nowhere else to go.
Down here! Go, go, go!
[Carrie]
Michael, let's go up the line.
[screaming]
- Watch your step.
- Oh.
- You know, I got it.
- Smells so bad in here.
- Get that light out of my eyes.
- Sorry.
- Whoa, what's this?
- Benny, quit...
- Guys, look at this.
- Quit fucking around, alright?
- They could be down any second.
- Looks just like Elle.
[Carrie]
Probably some old painting.
[Benny]
Guys, look at it.
I- I-I-I-I think she's...
We gotta move.
[Benny] Yeah, how do we know
there's a way out from...
Well, it's better than
going back up there, isn't it?
[Carrie]
Why aren't they following us?
[Benny]
Shit, that's a good question.
Probably 'cause they think
we're gonna die down here.
- Reassuring as always, asshole.
- Oh!
You know,
you didn't have to come along.
- Please don't remind me.
- Then why did you?
- You really wanna do this now?
- Yeah, I do.
Because I wanted to see
if you were gonna change.
Oh, what?
You want me all nice?
No, I want you
to fucking grow up.
Stop taking credit
for everything good
and laying the blame for
everything bad on everyone else!
[Benny]
Oh, Carrie, you alright?
Hey, I'm sorry.
I just need to rest
for a second.
Oh, fuck! Jesus!
- Holy shit!
- Did you guys see that?
No, we're fucking blind, Benny.
Why do you give me a hard time?
- I don't give you a hard time.
- Yes, you have, from day one.
I get you don't like me,
you don't want me on your team.
Haven't I earned the right to...
I've been to the most
dangerous places
in the world, right?
Where the fuck have you been?
You haven't earned shit.
[Benny] Carrie's right.
You're an asshole.
Oh, my God. Guys, now's
not the fucking time, okay?
[Benny] This basement
seems to go on and on.
And there's bodies everywhere.
Here, let's move this dresser.
[wood creaking]
Benny!
- Damn it.
- Thanks for the fucking help.
[Benny] I
- I don't like the looks of this.
Yeah, but it could be a way out.
- Carrie, let me go first.
- No.
[grunting]
[Benny groans]
[Benny]
Oh, God.
It smells even worse in here.
Oh, God, I can't even take it.
[coughs]
- Oh, fuck.
- I'm gonna be sick.
They've been lying to us.
They're collecting bodies
down here.
[Benny]
There must be dozens of these.
[growling]
[Benny]
Oh, shit, what was that?
[growling]
I didn't like the sound
of that at all.
[Benny]
Wait. Where's Carrie?
[snarling]
[Benny]
Carrie!
Mike, we gotta go!
Don't just stand there! Help me!
- Take that, you fuckers!
- She looks bad.
- How many times she's been bit?
- I don't know. Carrie?
Carrie, wake up.
[Benny]
Is she gonna be okay?
Uh, don't shine that light
in my eyes, Benny.
Don't go to sleep, Carrie.
Here, have some water.
[screaming]
Okay, let me see.
Shit!
What's wrong with her, Mike?
- I don't know.
- What did they do to me?
- You've become infected.
- Shit!
They're all around!
What do we do?
- Well, I don't know!
- I'll-I'll draw them away.
- No!
- I'm dead anyways.
Remember what you said.
I'm doing this for a purpose.
[screaming]
- Carrie!
- Shit!
Get the lights outta here,
Benny!
Get the knives!
Go, go, go, go, go!
[snarling]
[panting]
[Benny]
Jesus, where'd it go?
Go, go, back to...
[panting]
[Benny]
Mike!
- Come on.
- The dresser.
We gotta go, we gotta...
[Benny grunting]
- What do we do?
- Come on.
[Benny]
Wait!
[growling]
[Benny]
Oh, no. Oh, shit. Dude.
Turn your light off.
- I've my night-vision camera.
- Here, take this holy water.
Here, grab my gun.
What do you see?
[Benny whispers]
I don't see anything.
Behind you!
[Benny screams]
[grunting]
- No. Shit!
- Where's the gun?
Here! Shoot him in the heart!
Shoot him!
[growling]
Take that, you ugly bastard!
I always thought
that silver was for werewolves.
Glad that a few of the myths
had some truth to them.
Yeah, well, myths had to come
from something.
I read somewhere that
silver works on vampires, too.
Hey, check your phone app.
Do you see anyone in the house?
[Benny] Nobody around. It's
6:15. Should be daylight soon.
- Fine, stay close.
- Yeah.
There's the back door. Let's go.
[Andrew]
Are you leaving again?
After we've shown you
all our dirty, little secrets.
Yeah, we've seen all the people
you've killed.
You're hiding behind a facade.
Facade? Yours is the facade.
You've been pretending
the entire time
you've been with us.
Stay the fuck back.
Guns! Guns, honey.
Guns have been used against us
for hundreds of years
to no avail.
(man speaking
foreign language)
Yeah, but this is loaded
with silver.
- Really?
- Fuckin' shoot him!
[gunshots]
[Benny groaning]
[groaning]
Now! Where is your friend,
Carrie?
- Did she get lost down below?
- Is she in the tunnels?
Because if she is,
you'll never see her again!
Revive him. Revive him.
If he wants to film something,
he can film his friend's demise.
Have some water, Benny.
[Benny groans]
[screaming]
[Benny]
It's holy water, bitch!
[grunting]
[screams]
Yes, I'll explain.
We're in
a bit of a standoff here.
Now, you let her go
and I will let you both live.
Don't do it, Benny,
they'll kill us both!
Always the wrong assumptions.
You bloodsacks
are so predictable.
[Benny] I know more than you think, man.
By all means, enlighten us.
I know that Elleanor's
one of the elders.
[screams]
[Andrew]
Ah! Oh, no.
Get off of me!
[groaning]
[Elleanor screams]
Go, go, go! Benny! Let's go!
[panting]
- Come on, come on!
- I'm coming.
How did you know?
- I saw the painting.
- That's why Andrew let go of me.
[Benny] Samuel said they'd all be
in pain if an elder were killed.
[panting]
[Benny]
Holy shit! We made it!
Tell me you have
your fucking keys!
Yeah, I got 'em right here.
- So you got all that on camera?
- Yeah, it's still rolling, man.
- We got everything.
- You know something, Benny?
What's that?
You're welcome on my crew
anytime.
God. You hear that?
I'm welcome anytime.
Good evening. I'm Paul Linn.
Tonight we have
sectional leader, Samuel
who joins us live via satellite
to discuss
the recent vampire debates.
Samuel, thanks for joining us.
My pleasure, Paul.
Great to be here.
What is it you wanna tell us
about the rumors of violence
done by so-called vampires?
This is pure ignorance.
None of our kind
want to use violence
against humans as an option.
None of us. We find it
ridiculous and insulting
What about the spreading rumors
of a missing news crew
from KMMBR
that was sent in to interview
a vampire family
that you arranged?
Paul,
that is blatantly ridiculous.
If that happened,
where is the proof?
There isn't any proof.
- I never, ever...
- But, Samuel...
And the sheer audacity
that-that-that
we're somehow responsible
for the disappearance
of a news crew, it's...
I- I'll tell you what?
I find this...
Personally, I find this
extremely insulting.
Well, we have someone
who disagrees with you on this.
We have live, via satellite,
Mr. Aaron Stafford
who is
the KMMBR station manager.
Aaron, thanks for joining us.
Would you care to comment?
[bleep] bastard.
Excuse me, I, I'm not sure
what kind of a smear campaign
you're tryin' to run here,
but, uh, I don't believe
you and I have ever met.
We received a tape from Aaron
this morning.
Let's play some of that footage.
But, folks,
what you're about to see
is extremely graphic.
Viewer discretion
is strongly advised.
- Go now.
- It's quite an ancient ritual.
You're the first humans
we've ever allowed to see this.
Then why don't you want us
filming it?
I don't think the public
in general's ready to witness
this particular ceremony.
Do you?
Well, shall we begin?
My dear,
why don't you do the honors?
- Thank you.
- No, please, no!
[screaming]
[indistinct chatter]
I never get to make a wish.
Hey, Benny, you wanna see
what it, see what it looks like?
I'm welcome anytime.
[groaning]
Ah! Mornin', boys.
How about that close-up?
After tonight, the whole world
will see this footage.
And they will find you...
and they'll take your
miserable, blood-sucking body
and they'll rip you apart.
[Paul]
What about that, Samuel?
Care to comment to our viewers?
[growling]
Just keep the camera rolling.
The footage is gonna be amazing.
I never stop rolling... bitch.
We don't wanna hurt anyone
in any way, shape or form.
Were you filming earlier
when we were arguing?
[Benny]
Of course not.
Is that camera off?
[Benny]
Oh, yeah, i-it's off.
I guess I'll have to get used
to having a camera around.
Good.
- How do I look?
- Good.
Yeah? Cool.
Do I look like I have fangs?
Go, go!
Peace out.
[static]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org